roadmap.md, before:

ROADMAP
=======

Version 0.2.0 'usable'
-------------

**In progress**

- Stable app environment on win32
- Stable configuration for shell & runtime binary
- Stable path & pack policy

**Done**

- Stable & configurable memory pool manager


Version 0.3.0 'script revisited'
--------------

**Planned**

- Stable & improved nit script
- Module or file-unit configuration for nit script

**Done**

- try-catch-finally on nit script
- import keyword restricts namespace effect to a file scope


Version 0.4.0 'debugger'
--------------

**Planned**

- Pragmatic, daily-usable debug ide implementation
- Reimplement wxNitConsole using wxSTC


Version 0.5.0 'multi-view'
--------------

**Planned**

- Make `cc.Director` non-singleton or switchable
- Support more than one `RenderView` at the same time
- Minimal working runtime & wx-runtime on mac32


Version 0.6.0 'cocos-2'
--------------

**Planned**

- Upgrade cocos2dx to 2.x
- Shader code integration


Version 0.7.0 'perf-hud'
-------------

**Planned**

- Working `nit.Profiler` & `nit.PerfHud` code
- Fast debug primitive drawing
- Fast debug label text drawing


Version 0.8.0 'cocos-ext'
-------------

**Planned**

- Initial `cocos-extension` integration
- Initial `CCBReader` integration
- Initial `CocosDenshion` integration
- Initial `Chipmunk` integration


Version 0.9.0 'minimal-docs'
-------------

**Planned**

- Minimal document about nit script language
- Minimal document about nit runtime
- Minimal document about nit bundler
- Some documents about how-to-s, tutorial


Version 1.0.0 'useful'
-------------

**Planned**

- Stable app environment on iOS
- Stable app environment on android
- Stable app environment on mac32
- Production quality binary
- platform-wise sdk distribution
- Useful script ide
- Project raking tools
- A lot of documents
- Samples & Test suite

---

Future
======

**Planned**

- Ogre integration
- Newton dynamics integration

**Idea**

- Windows 8 WinRT porting (windows-phone later)
- Memory pool dynamic block allocation
- Simple cocos html rendering view embedding node/image etc.

Commit message:

[change] Decided to document in korean first. Yet code comments and readme files will stay in english!

roadmap.md, after:

ROADMAP
=======

Version 0.2.0 'usable'
-------------

**In progress**

- Stable app environment on win32
- Stable configuration for shell & runtime binary
- Stable path & pack policy

**Done**

- Stable & configurable memory pool manager


Version 0.3.0 'script revisited'
--------------

**Planned**

- Stable & improved nit script
- Module or file-unit configuration for nit script

**Done**

- try-catch-finally on nit script
- import keyword restricts namespace effect to a file scope


Version 0.4.0 'debugger'
--------------

**Planned**

- Pragmatic, daily-usable debug ide implementation
- Reimplement wxNitConsole using wxSTC


Version 0.5.0 'multi-view'
--------------

**Planned**

- Make `cc.Director` non-singleton or switchable
- Support more than one `RenderView` at the same time
- Minimal working runtime & wx-runtime on mac32


Version 0.6.0 'cocos-2'
--------------

**Planned**

- Upgrade cocos2dx to 2.x
- Shader code integration


Version 0.7.0 'perf-hud'
-------------

**Planned**

- Working `nit.Profiler` & `nit.PerfHud` code
- Fast debug primitive drawing
- Fast debug label text drawing


Version 0.8.0 'cocos-ext'
-------------

**Planned**

- Initial `cocos-extension` integration
- Initial `CCBReader` integration
- Initial `CocosDenshion` integration
- Initial `Chipmunk` integration


Version 0.9.0 'minimal-docs'
-------------

**Planned**

- Minimal document about nit script language in korean
- Minimal document about nit runtime in korean
- Minimal document about nit bundler in korean
- Some documents about how-to-s, tutorial in korean


Version 1.0.0 'useful'
-------------

**Planned**

- Stable app environment on iOS
- Stable app environment on android
- Stable app environment on mac32
- Production quality binary
- platform-wise sdk distribution
- Useful script ide
- Project raking tools
- Minimal document translations in english.
- A fair amount of detailed documents in korean.
- Samples & Test suite

---

Future
======

**Planned**

- Ogre integration
- Newton dynamics integration

**Idea**

- Windows 8 WinRT porting (windows-phone later)
- Memory pool dynamic block allocation
- Simple cocos html rendering view embedding node/image etc.
